Update splash guide (#18883)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/splash-screens.md

+    }
  }
}
```

Now re-open the [Expo Go][expo-go] app and launch your project, you should see your new splash screen. There may be a delay before it shows up in [Expo Go][expo-go], this won't happen in custom builds, see: ["Differences between environments" below](#differences-between-environments).

> **Note**: It's required to close and re-open the [Expo Go][expo-go] app on iOS in order to see changes to the splash screen in the [Expo config][expo-config]. This is a known issue that we are working to resolve. On Android, you need to press the refresh button from the notification drawer.

### `splash.backgroundColor`

If you set a background color other than white for your splash image, you may see white border around it. This is due to the `splash.resizeMode` property and the default background color, which is `#ffffff` (white). Let's resolve this by setting the `splash.backgroundColor` to be the same as our splash image background color.

```diff
{
  "expo": {
    "splash": {
      "image": "./assets/splash.png",
+      "backgroundColor": "#FEF9B0"
    }
  }
}
```

![backgroundColor Example](/static/images/backgroundColor-noodles.png)

### `splash.resizeMode`

> Any splash image that you provide will be resized to maintain its aspect ratio and to fit the resolution of the user's device. There are two strategies that can be used for resizing: `contain` (default) and `cover`. In both cases, the splash image is within the splash screen. These work the same as the React Native `Image` component's [`resizeMode`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/image#resizemode), as demonstrated in the following diagram.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any splash image that you provide will be resized to maintain its aspect ratio and to fit the resolution of the user's device. There are two strategies that can be used for resizing: `contain` (default) and `cover`. In both cases, the splash image is within the splash screen. These work the same as the React Native `Image` component's [`resizeMode`](/versions/latest/react-native/image/#resizemode), as demonstrated in the following diagram.
```

Let's use our synced page here.
